>> Jason Legstorf: We're gonna build
ourselves a component that loads post from
Instagram.
So we're going to just grab any
Instagram account that we want and
we'll be able to display
data from that post and
we're going to do that through the same
graph QL layer that we've used for
our post for our images for
everything else.
So what we're gonna do now is,
we are going to,
>> Jason Legstorf: Install
one more plug-in.
I think this is the penultimate
plug-in we're gonna install.
I love when I get to use
that word in a sentence.
So we're gonna install
gatsby-source-instagram.
And source plug-ins in
Gatsby are plentiful.
Depending on what you want, let's see,
you are able to find 272 source plug-ins.
So you can load, let's see,
what's at the top,
PostgreSQL, any API end point,
big commerce, Vimeo.
Pretty much any CMS that exposes
an API we've got a plug-in for.
We've got some weird stuff in here,
like you can use Google Sheets.
Like you can load a Google spreadsheet
as a data source for Gatsby.
So like if you've got tabular data,
it totally works.
You can, we've got plugins for
all sorts of things like there.
You will not have a hard time
finding a plug-in for what you need.
And if you do find yourself
needing a plug-in,
we also have good docs that
will be getting better soon,
on how to build your own plug-ins for
pretty much any data source.
Did you have a question?
>> Student: So
these are maintained by Gatsby?
>> Jason Legstorf: Not all of them are,
no.
Some of them are maintained by Gatsby.
If you find like File system is here.
And you'll see this one
is an official plugin.
So if it says an official plugin,
that means that we maintain it.
You can also just see a whole list of
those if you go to the github gatsbyjs
slash gatsby.
We use a monerripo so
all of the packages that we maintain
are also in this packages folder.
And so you can see everything that is
actively maintained by Gatsby in here.
So now that we've got our Instagram plug
in installed, we're going to configure it.
So let's jump into Gatsby config
which I already have opened, and
down at the bottom here,
I'm going to resolve
Gatsby source Instagram and
the options are.
>> Jason Legstorf: Just the username,
so we're gonna set the username we need,
I'm gonna use the gatsbyjs Instagram,
you can use any Instagram you want.
This is all public data, so you don't
need API keys or anything like that.
After installing this,
we're able to npm run develop.
And I'm gonna jump back into the GraphQL
Playground, once this finishes booting.
There we go.
Gonna refresh the page, make sure
that we've got all of this new stuff.
And now, I wanna see what's new,
what's in here now.
All instant node.
Okay.
Get those.
What does that give us?
How about the,
>> Jason Legstorf: Local file?
>> Jason Legstorf: Child image sharp,
what's this?
We're optimizing Instagram images for you.
Yes, we certainly are.
So now we can do a source set of
your Instagram photos as well.
And so now, I don't know what this is but
I'm gonna pull it up anyways, ops!
Let's go.
Local host 8000, yeah.
So there's an image from our Instagram,
that's the 200 pixel version, and
it's like been fully optimized for us,
we don't have to do anything, we just
installed it in because gatsby transformer
sharp was available, it did the work.
So now,
we can use this to do fun things with.
What we will do is,
let's create a new component and
we're gonna call this component, Insta.
So inside Insta.js,
we're going to import react from react.
We're gonna import Image cuz we're gonna
be using Gatsby image from Gatsby image.
We're going to import the CSS
tag from emotion/core.
>> Jason Legstorf: And
let's set up our components.
So we've got use Insta.
All right, we've got our Insta
component and that is going to,
eventually, this is gonna need data.
>> Jason Legstorf: Once we have data,
we're gonna return, so
we'll just start by kinda
scaffolding this out.
You're gonna return a fragment, cuz again,
we don't wanna populate the DOM with
a bunch of junk divs if we don't have to.
So we'll set up an h2.
This is gonna say Instagram posts from.
And eventually,
we'll want the username to be dynamic, but
we can hard code it for now.
>> Jason Legstorf: Then,
we're gonna wanna show all of our posts.
And those are gonna be
>> Jason Legstorf: Shown here.
And then underneath that,
we're going to want to,
>> Jason Legstorf: Link to the post.
So we can say.
It's gonna be
>> Jason Legstorf: Link
out to Instagram.com.
This will eventually be not hard-coded.
We'll grab the username, but
for now, we can just do that.
And then we'll say, see more on Instagram.
And we'll use that right
arrow HTML entity again.
So that gives us kind of
a really default setup.
So we will do an export default Insta,
and let's include this somewhere.
So I want this to live on the Index page.
And so then,
I'm just gonna go to the homepage.
And I'm gonna import
in stuff from components and stuff.
And then down at the bottom, I want to
just drop this right into the posts.
And it doesn't need any props.
We can just we can run it as is.
So if I save this,
>> Jason Legstorf: And
I come back out here,
and go to the home page.
We can see that it's sort of ready for
some Instagram posts but
we need to actually get that data.